[dark. dramatic music playing]
HUMAN VAPOR
[detective] Victim sustained
multiple stab wounds with a bladed weapon
and was deceased
by the time the paramedics arrived.
Did he have anything on him?
[detective] There was a wallet in his bag
and a cellphone.
That was about it.
You looking for something else?
Yeah. You never know.
[officer 1] Everyone's over there.
-[officer 2] That's the scene.
-[officer 1] Yeah.
[phone vibrating]
[Kenji sighs]
Hello.
[Kyoko sighs] How did it go?
Obata…
was murdered.
[Kyoko sighs]
[haunting music playing]
And the journal?
This has nothing to do with you.
Stay out of it.
That's not what I asked.
What about the journal?
I'm telling you to back off.
You almost got yourself killed earlier.
[scoffs] So what?
[Kenji] "So what?"
You could still be a target.
I told them to secure
a safe place for you. Get going.
[sighs]
[Michiko] Excuse me. it looks like
two reporters were witnesses.
-[man] One male. one female. All right.
-[Michiko] Yeah.
[Kyoko] Excuse me. can I talk to you?
[Michiko] Excuse me.
Yeah? What is it?
Why were you tailing the yakuza?
The one who attacked me?
[Michiko sighs]
I'm sorry. I can't disclose that.
You realize I'm asking
as the one who was almost killed?
[Michiko] Maybe you don't know.
so I'll tell you now.
It's against protocol
to share information
regarding ongoing investigations.
Especially with reporters.
And… Okamoto reached out to me.
We're taking you somewhere safe.
You're to stay there.
[Tatsuya] I brought the car.
I'm fine.
I still have work to do.
[Kenji] The victim. Hiroki Obata.
used to be the director of White Center.
After it shut down. he went off the grid.
It appears he was trying
to hand over a White Center journal
from back in the day to Kono.
and it got him killed.
My opinion. it's got
Fujishiro Syndicate written all over it.
They must've wanted the journal.
Jesus Christ. what the hell is going on?
Do you think it means the case
really is connected to the Human Vapor?
[Kenji] Yeah.
The Syndicate's been laying low.
but if they're willing to go this far
then I gotta think that journal's got
some crucial info inside it.
-[man] Mr. Okamoto! Sir!
-[Kenji] Hang on.
Security-cam footage
gave us the suspect's vehicle.
Owner is Shinzo Yamazaki. 32 years old.
He's a member of the Fujishiro Syndicate.
Grab a warrant and track his phone.
He's probably not far.
-I'm on it.
-Sorry. I'm here.
I'll report if there's anything new.
[Yamazaki] Hello?
I took the journal. just like you asked.
I've got it right here.
[lively chatter]
Take pictures of it.
Send them to me immediately.
I need to know what's inside.
[Yamazaki] Huh? Oh. Uh…
I was worried they might track me
so I threw my phone away.
[shouts] You stupid idiot!
What the hell were you thinking?
All right. listen to me.
I don't care how you do it
but I need those pictures sent to me ASAP.
Got that?
If you ever get cornered.
you need to destroy the original.
Am I making myself clear?
[host] Guess what today is?
It's the Turtle Roulette!
-Let's get started!
-[crowd cheering]
-[tense music playing]
-[sighs]
Cell phone. Pictures.
Cell phone. Pictures…
[host] What do you say
we bring in the turtles?
All right! Let's welcome them in
with a big. warm round of applause!
[man 1] Turtles!
[man 2] 20 on Vermilion Bird.
ten on Azure Dragon.
[man 3] Put a good turtle on red for me!
[host] Number one.
Number two.
They're going in!
And there we are. The die has been cast.
Or in this case.
the turtles have been cast. [laughs]
-Here we go!
-[man 4] Spin it!
-[bell ringing]
-[host] Okay! Round and round we go!
All right! What do we think lady luck
will have in store for us tonight?
Folks. place your bets!
Where are the mighty turtles
gonna land this time?
Oh. it's slowing down.
Let's see where we end up. folks!
-And they're off!
-[crowd cheering]
[host] Oh!
A little slow out of the gate here!
-[man 5] Red! Red!
-[host] Number three is starting to move.
Here he comes! He's making his move!
And there we go! Number three is in!
Number three is in Black Tortoise!
Now we anxiously await
the fates of turtles one and two!
Oh. look at that!
Number two is in Azure Dragon!
It looks like number one
has gone into Black Tortoise!
Number one. Black Tortoise.
number two. Azure Dragon.
number three. Black Tortoise.
and that concludes the round!
-[elevator bell dings]
-[music fades out]
[muffled shouting]
-[man 1] It's all crumpled up!
-[man 2] Oh. sorry.
-[man 3] Where is he?
-Inside.
[man 1] It needs to be sealed tight.
you idiot!
Do you want the Vapor to get in?
[man 2] Sorry. boss.
[man 1] Hey. moron.
There's a gap right there.
-Are you blind?
-Sorry!
-Fix it!
-Yes. sir!
-Sadaoka.
-Yes. sir?
-You too. It's all messy. dumbass.
-Oh. sorry.
Will you look at this one?
It's like a frame. isn't it?
But for some reason. yours is way off.
What's going on here? Morons!
[gasps fearfully]
-[man 3 laughs]
-Prick.
Man. what's wrong with you?
Don't scare me like that!
-Put that out!
-It's a joke. relax?
Yakuzas are scared of the Human Vapor?
You understand we're not dealing
with a regular human being here?
Yamazaki got a hold of it.
that journal you asked for.
He did?
-Have him bring it down.
-Mm. [clicks tongue]
You know. Dad. I was thinking.
this might be a great opportunity for us
if we take advantage.
Shouldn't we make the first move here?
I say we get in touch with them right away
and get something worthwhile out of it.
-We get in touch?
-Yeah.
Think about it. Up until now.
we've been doing all the dirty work
for those guys.
I think we blackmail them
using this journal that Yamazaki stole.
[boss sighs]
-Hey!
-[men] Yes. sir?
The boss is about to make a call.
Get lost.
[men] Yes. sir.
Excuse us.
Hello!
Well. well. it's been a while.
hasn't it? [laughs]
Yeah. and it looks like
we got our hands on the journal first.
I'm guessing you guys want it too?
Ah?
How much is the journal worth to you?
Whoa. whoa. what the hell
are you talking about. asshole?
So what? I'm the next target. then?
Ah? You son of a bitch.
You know I could expose this
to the public if I wanted to?
Then which one of us would be screwed?
Huh?
[laughs]
Then I'd hurry up
and get your checkbook out!
How'd it go?
Ah…
They're panicking. I can tell.
They'll pay 300 million.
I'd say that sounds pretty damn good.
Can we count on that?
-Maybe. We'll see.
-Right.
For now. grab a bunch of guys.
-Meet at headquarters.
-[son] Got it.
Hey. Dad?
If it works out and we end up
catching this vapor guy…
can we do a Parfinee?
I still have my old knives.
[boss] Huh?
We haven't done that in over three years.
[son breathes heavily]
[boss laughs]
[both laughing]
[piercing string note plays. fades]
[detective] Suspect's vehicle located.
License plate ends in 2-6-8.
Nishiizu. Nihara.
That's right. Around the boat dock.
Suspect appears to be on the run.
Possibly injured.
[woman 1] I'm taking the picture.
-Five. four…
-Hurry! Come on. hurry!
[both] Three. two. one…
[both] Huh?
-Hey! Hey!
-Hey!
-Hey! What the hell?
-Momo! Wait!
-[Momo] Stop!
-Momo! Ah!
-[Momo] Hey! You! Stop right there!
-[woman 2] Momo!
[Momo screams]
[woman 2] Momo! Somebody help!
-Let's go! Come on!
-Help!
[woman 2 squeals] Momo!
Help!
Momo!
[woman 2 squeals]
[Tatsuya] All this bullshit
over one stupid journal?
What's so important about it?
Well. based on everything Obata said…
apparently all the names
of the people the Human Vapor is targeting
are written in there.
[Tatsuya] Huh?
Hold on.
doesn't that mean we're in danger too?
So if we report this story.
we could quietly get taken out.
couldn't we?
If you don't like it.
being a reporter's not for you.
-If it kills me. I wanna be a reporter.
-Wait. hold on.
How did the yakuza
know that I was meeting with Obata at all?
[Tatsuya] Good point.
Do you think you could've been bugged?
[tense music playing]
[inhales] I doubt that.
[groans]
Here. gimme your phone for one second.
[dramatic music playing]
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
-So?
-[Tatsuya exhales]
Just gimme another second here.
Hmm…
Yeah. there ya go. I knew it.
-You were bugged.
-What?
Pretty nasty malware virus was installed
on your phone at some point.
It's programmed to record and save
your phone calls' audio as AMR files.
Then it automatically sends them
to a specific server.
Where did you learn how do all this stuff?
[Tatsuya chuckles]
Well. uh. I actually entered
a lot of hacking contests in university.
Wouldn't that have been
a better line of work for you?
No.
I wanna be a reporter.
even if it kills me.
Okay. but it's still weird.
I don't remember clicking
on anything suspicious.
Emails or links or anything.
[Tatsuya] Mm.
No. That's not it.
Someone installed this directly
on your phone.
[Kyoko] But how?
I never let anyone touch my phone.
[male detective] Abe. that's too much.
We checked your phone
and didn't flag anything
that was of concern.
Sorry about that.
Uh. you're free to go now. Thank you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Tatsuya] Hey.
I deleted the virus off your phone.
Yes.
[dramatic music playing]
[panting]
-Let's split up and cover more ground.
-Agreed.
I'll check over this way.
I'll go up there. okay? We'll circle back.
MISSING
LOCATION UNKNOWN
MISSING: TAKUYA NODA
[tense. sinister music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[suppressing laughter]
DIED OF ILLNESS
WHEREABOUTS UNKNOWN
[sighs]
[tense. sinister music continues]
MISSING
REN TSUTSUMIDA
[Yamazaki] Mufu?
-[twig snaps]
-[gasps]
[detective] Yamazaki.
What's wrong? What?
Don't you think you're overreacting?
Why don't you lower that?
What the hell is going on here?
Why are the police after me?
What about you? Huh?
You were told explicitly
to destroy that journal.
but you ran away with it.
That's not what we agreed on. is it?
-[breathes heavily]
-You read the journal.
Didn't you?
No.
No! I didn't!
[tuts]
[sighs]
Oh. goddammit.
WHITE CENTER WORK JOURNAL
MESSAGE OPENED
[footsteps approaching]
[Kenji] Yoshida.
-What'd you do?
-[Yoshida] Look…
[Kenji] You shot him?
I had no choice.
He… he had a knife on him.
The idiot started coming at me.
I told him to stop.
I had to.
-[detective] Jesus…
-[Yoshida] Don't bother. He's dead.
Sorry. I'm just a little shaken.
If I hadn't shot him.
he would've killed me. Hey. Motoyama?
-[Motoyama] Yes?
-[Yoshida] Call this in.
-It was an accident. You got that?
-[phone vibrating]
[Yoshida sighs] Jesus. that was close.
KYOKO KONO
Yeah?
Kyoko. are you at the secure location?
Kenji. listen to me.
When I last came in for questioning.
there was a detective with glasses
who took my phone. right? Who is he?
[Yoshida] I had no choice but to shoot.
I gave him warnings.
[Kenji] Why are you asking?
I find it a bit weird. don't you?
The yakuza knowing I was talking to Obata?
Plus.
I just checked my phone. and. Kenji.
there was some kind of malware installed
on it.
It was bugged.
You sure?
And apparently the virus
would've had to be installed directly
into my phone.
[exhales] You think…
[Kyoko] It's the only time I've been
separated from my phone recently.
So… it must be that detective.
Or else someone else
inside the police force
is colluding with the yakuza.
[Motoyama] Male fugitive has been located.
He's injured…
I'm sorry. but that's not possible.
[sighs]
You still haven't answered my question.
[Kenji] What question?
The journal.
The journal
has been destroyed.
So you can back away from this now.
It's too dangerous for you
to get more involved.
Understood?
[sighs]
-[people shouting. chanting]
-[whistles blowing]
-Hey. everyone.
-[man 1] How are you?
-[woman] Hey.
-[Tatsuya] Hey.
Kyoko. Here.
This just came in
from the Metro PD reporter.
Apparently. Shinzo Yamazaki.
the man shot by police.
was with the Fujishiro Syndicate.
SHINZO YAMAZAKI
SECURITY CAMERA FOOTAGE
[Kyoko] Which would mean that the police
showed up at the meeting place with Obata
because they were following the Syndicate?
-[Yoko] Hmm.
-Wait. hold on.
It doesn't make… Why would Yamazaki go
through the trouble of stealing a phone?
ROBBED PHONE OFF WOMAN
[Yoko] Maybe he knew he was cornered
and needed to contact someone?
He could've been
sending something to someone
right before he burned the journal.
He could've taken pictures
and then sent them to somebody!
Who would he send that to?
The Human Vapor and the yakuza?
You think they're connected?
Yoko. do you know
where I can find the Syndicate?
Mm. One second.
[Tatsuya] The Human Vapor… The yakuza…
What the hell is the connection?
[indistinct shouting outside]
[man shouts outside]
JNT. stop pushing the Human Vapor!
-[whistles blowing]
-[crowd shouting]
[man shouts]
Kirishima for Governor of Tokyo!
Yeah. They're from the group
supporting Kazumi Kirishima.
She's coming up here right now.
-Are you sure?
-[reporter] Yeah.
[director] I'll handle it. ma'am--
[woman] Can I have your attention
for a moment?
Everyone at this station insists
on reporting about the Human Vapor.
all day. every day.
It's fearmongering!
You are terrifying all the voters.
So more and more of them are calling
for Governor Miura to be reelected.
[director] May we discuss this privately--
[Kirishima] This station is biased
to my opponent!
[man] She's not wrong.
The coverage has been ridiculous!
[Kirishima]
It's for the good of the people!
-Can we get security in here?
-Your station is creating panic.
[reporter] The election
is right around the corner.
It's not worth getting
in the middle of it.
-It'll be done soon.
-[Kirishima] This station is biased!
-[director] There's a conference room--
-[man] She's trying to serve the people.
[man] I already told you guys.
I was wandering around and got lost.
Then I met up with my buddies
in the parking lot
and got caught up in this shit.
[handcuffs clicking]
Seriously. though. are we almost done?
This is taking forever.
[Kenji] I want you to take a look at this.
[chilling music playing]
That's you. isn't it?
And this.
What's your relationship
with the Syndicate?
Fujishiro Syndicate is no joke. kid.
I'd tell us now.
[tense music playing]
[sighs]
I wouldn't say it's a relationship.
They just paid me
to do some of their dirty work for them.
That's all it is. okay?
So what did you do?
Well… [sighs]
They told me to steal a journal.
But that woman
didn't have that stupid journal.
So I was like. "Oh snap."
[Kyoko] If the Fujishiro Syndicate
is running a gambling den.
maybe we could get someone
in there. undercover.
That's gonna be tough.
It's strictly members only.
-Can't just walk in.
-Oh. uh. does anyone know a member?
-We need eyes in there now.
-Uh. we could plant a camera in there.
Yeah… I don't know about that.
[Kyoko] Hmm. might be too risky.
Can we zoom in
from one of the surrounding buildings?
-[Tatsuya] That could work!
-Huh?
If we use a directional microphone.
we'd probably be able to hear them.
-Even with background noise.
-That's a great idea!
Then you're in luck.
There's an abandoned house we use
when we're surveilling the Syndicate.
Shall we give that a shot?
[Kyoko] Let's go with that plan.
-[Tatsuya] All right!
-[man] Great.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[man 1] Gimme that.
-[man 2] Here.
[Tatsuya] This is it. You guys ready?
[man] Here we go.
[Tatsuya] Come on. Hurry.
-[Tatsuya] Go on.
-[man] Oh. thanks.
[Tatsuya] Let's do it.
[Kyoko] The camera needs to be…
[sighs]
Yeah. Here.
[man] Perfect.
-[man] Tripod.
-[Tatsuya] Got it.
[woman] Careful.
[Tatsuya] Stay low.
[Kyoko] Okay. it's in place.
We're good to go.
[static over earphones]
[boss] Hey.
Hey!
Why are you wasting your time. asshole?
You shot Yamazaki!
That's why we can't trust you guys.
Oh. right.
Did you get the picture I sent you?
Now we're the only ones
who know what was in the journal.
You know what that means. right?
Come back empty handed.
and we won't have further need of you.
Is that understood. you useless idiot?
Now. hurry up and do your damn job!
I want the Human Vapor caught immediately!
[Kenji] Three entrances in total.
-Squad leaders need to be cautious.
-Got it.
Sir! We got the warrant
for the Fujishiro Syndicate.
-You heard her. let's move.
-Copy that.
[officer] We have units making their way
to the scene now. Please stand by.
I'm not much of a spicy-food gal anyway.
But you know the company is
the more important thing.
-Might be fun. huh?
-I don't know. Maybe…
[panting]
Look. sir!
[tense music playing]
[boss] He's here.
[all gasp]
All right. let's get the swords out.
[tense music continues]
[host] Okay. this next one is from 2003.
No history of asthma.
influenza. or mycoplasma.
No history of smoking.
Zero damage to the units themselves.
These are the lungs of a perfectly healthy
23-year-old man.
How about we start the bidding
at 15 million?
15 million yen over here!
-17 million yen!
-[man 1] 20 million. Yes.
[host] Yes. sir. 20 million.
Yes. Now we have 25 million.
[tense music playing]
-[host] 30 million!
-[murmuring]
[man 2] 30.
-[host] Anyone else? Do I have 35?
-[man 3 coughs]
[host] 35? No?
Then. sold for 30 million yen
to the gentleman right over here.
-[young man crying]
-[bell rings]
[crying continues]
[host] Next up. this is from 2003…
[man 4] Oh! Oh my God!
[soft whooshing]
[people screaming]
[woman screams]
[whooshing intensifies]
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[music stops abruptly]
[yelling]
[tense. dramatic music resumes]
-Get the car.
-Yes. sir.
Let's go.
[glass shatters]
[indistinct shouting]
[screaming]
Uh. I'll be right back.
Huh? Hey!
Where are you going?
Oh! Number one's in Black Tortoise!
Come on. boss!
[host] Oh. and now number two
is on the move as well!
-There he goes!
-[man] Move! Get out of the way!
-Move now! Get the hell out of the way!
-Move!
-[woman screams]
-[man] Move. goddammit!
Come on. boss!
Boss! Hey. you okay? Boss? Boss!
-Move!
-Hurry up!
[boss gasps]
[wheezes]
[son yells]
[whimpers]
[yells]
[groaning]
-[sirens wailing]
-[dramatic music continues]
[Kenji] Huh?
What?
[exhales] Turn around!
[tires screech]
[car horn beeps]
Excuse me. we're on official business.
You need to move immediately. thank you.
Please clear the road!
-[boss] Go faster!
-[man] Look out!
[boss] Step on it! Come on!
He's catching up!
[boss grunts]
[man] Go. go. go!
[horn blares]
[tires screech]
[horn beeps]
[dramatic music continues]
-[yelling]
-[man] Watch out!
-Shit!
-[boss] He's here!
Oh God. oh God. oh God!
[car horn beeping]
[glass crackling]
-[boss yelps]
-[man grunts]
[repeated banging on car]
[man] What's he doing? Huh?
Up! Look! Up. up. up!
-[boss] What the…
-[man] He's on top of us! On the roof!
-[driver] Where?
-[man] The roof of the car. you moron!
[driver] The roof?
[men yelp]
[gas hissing]
[men yelling fearfully]
Bulletproof glass. asshole!
It's not gonna break!
-It is. right?
-[driver] What?
-It's bulletproof glass?
[boss] Tell me it's bulletproof glass!
Check the inspection certificate!
The vehicle inspection certificate!
-It is bulletproof.
-[boss] Oh. thank God!
-[driver] Bro. bro. bro!
-[man] Whoa! What's he doing now?
Don't worry. he can't break in!
[driver] Whoa!
Here he comes! Here he comes!
-Just keep going. keep driving!
-[driver] Yes. sir.
[boss] Get outta here. you son of a bitch!
That was a close one. you idiot!
[dramatic music playing]
He's still on our ass!
-Look!
-Huh?
-He's right there!
-[man] Up front!
-Look out!
-[horn blares]
[driver gasps. then cheers]
[boss] Faster. come on!
-[man] We gotta lose him!
-[boss] Back off. son of a bitch!
[man] He's still on our ass! Go. go. go!
[boss] Come on!
-[boss panting]
-[man] He's off of us. he's off of us!
-[driver] We did it!
-[man] Holy shit.
[music fades]
[whooshing]
[breathes heavily]
I'm done.
Christ. I am too old!
[men] What?
[boss] I'm retiring
and opening a flour-based food shop.
[man] Flour-based food?
-You know. like Hawaiian pancakes.
-[man] Is he kidding?
Mix a little coconut into your batter.
-You got a Hawaiian pancake.
-[driver] Pancakes?
You know. boss.
my parents run a grocery store.
You can get all the fruit you want there!
-Oh. good idea!
-[laughing]
-You know what?
-What?
Let's put drugs in them.
[man laughs]
-So basically. you're not retiring?
-[laughing]
[low. concerned chatter]
[pedestrian screams]
[Kyoko breathes shakily]
[somber piano music playing]
[music fades out]
[Kenji] Excuse me. Police. Coming though.
-Out of the way!
-[Michiko] Clear a path!
[sirens wailing]
[Kenji exhales]
[mysterious music playing]
[mysterious music continues]
POLICE
METROPOLITAN POLICE DEPARTMENT
[gothic pop music playing on TV]
[man] Ah. that. right there.
That. Hey. That. That.
Look. There.
There.
[intriguing music playing]
It's the Human Vapor.
It's gotta be.
[mysterious music playing]